Ongoing Notes.
===============

Our goal is to show how we can visualize a variety of nonlinear phenomenon on
a network just like how we can do so for linear graph processes.

This will use a few different types of graphs.

1. Our "Nonlinear Processes" graph with the works.
This will be available in our code repository for this video.
I'll probably also make a video about how to make these graphs at some point
in the future.

2. The Fashion MNIST nearest neighbor graph.
This is in our 'github.com/dgleich/more-graphs' repository. (Or will be shortly!)
It's the Fashion MNIST data, which consists of 60,000 images from fashion.
Each image is a 28x28 square. We build a graph based on nearest neighbors.
Each image is linked to its 5 nearest neighbors based on euclidean distance
between image vectors. We discard the weights and drop directions on the edges.

We can use our tools here to draw interesting pictures of these graphs.

Let's get started!!

We are going to start with the code in Julia.

Observation 1
-------------

The spectral embedding fails to highlight any useful structure.
For this reason, we often look at local embeddings. In these cases,
we take a subset of notes and show a local eigenvector embedding.

Observation 2
-------------

Local spectral visualization using Dirichlet eigenvectors makes useful (and cool)
drawings of regions of that simple graph. But how can we do this for nonlinear
processes on graphs?

Observation 3
-------------

Local FlowImprove is a nonlinear process on graphs. How can we use
this to do visualization?

One of the specific challenges with flow improve is that the output is
binary! This was a motivation of people to move away from
maxflow-mincut based algorithms for semi-supervised learning.

Observation 4
-------------
We can't (trivially) generate coordinates that reflect the nonlinear process!

Observation 5
-------------
We can approximate spectral coordinates via a singular value decomposition
of a set of random samples.

Observation 6
-------------

This idea works for PageRank! We get back some of the same type of
local structure we saw from the local spectral embeddings.

Observation 7
-------------

For flow, we cannot grow small seed sets into large ones. This is a
general problem with flow-based processes, see Fountoulakis, Meng, Gleich,
Mahoney, arXiv:2004.????? for more about it.

Observation 8
-------------

This all seems to work.

Observation 9
-------------

The flow-based version seems to show "smoother" values
when we use the rank-based order.

Observation 10
--------------

There is a curious set of outliers in the spectral vectors.
This may or may not be desirable!

Observation 11
--------------
Let's try this in Fashion MNIST too.

This continues to give interesting results!
Are they better? No, but they highlight different structures.

This has been fun! Thanks for watching!! I'll play around with
parameters some more... you should too!!
